c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer.dll.config
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.Entitites.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.Entitites.pdb
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.Entitites.dll.config
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BookMyRoom.DataAccessLayer.dll.config
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\m1047281\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookMyRoom_WebAPI\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BookMyRoom.BusinessLayer.pdb
